Add warnings to upgrade assistant for search sessions (#206998)
elastic/kibana: docs/upgrade-notes.asciidoc

Verify that TLS is properly configured by enabling it and providing valid certificates in the settings. Test your system to ensure that connections are established securely over HTTP/2.

If your Kibana server is hosted behind a load balancer or reverse proxy we recommend testing your deployment configuration before upgrading to 9.0. 
====

[discrete]
[[known-issue-206998]]
.Search sessions has been disabled by default (9.0.0)
[%collapsible]
====
*Details* +
Starting from version 9.0.0, search sessions has been disabled by default. To view, manage, and restore search sessions, the feature needs to be explicitly re-enabled. 

*Impact* +
Search sessions will be disabled unless they are explicitly enabled in config.yml.

*Action* +

> If you would like to continue using, managing, and restoring search sessions in 9.0, you'll need to re-enable them in your kibana.yml configuration file. If not, no action is necessary.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you would like to continue using, managing, and restoring search sessions in 9.0, you'll need to re-enable the feature in your kibana.yml configuration file. If not, no action is necessary.
```
